# MY-job
Chinese University MOOC platform

1.Background

With the development of Open Educational Resources，Massive Open Online Courses have attracted more attention。 MOOC is a free and open 
online course for the public , chinese name is “MU CLASS”。2012 is called as the year of MOOC.Coursera、edX and Udacity had been 
established in this year,they laid the foundation stone of MOOC development. Then the platform of England Futurelearn,German iversity 
and other MOOCs also developed and grew,what Led the global MOOC curriculums construction boom.The construction of MOOC platform in 
China began in 2013. The establishment of Chinese classes platform such as online schools and  Chinese university MOOC platform has 
announced the arrival of the era of Chinese classes (Zhang Min, Yin Shuai Jun, 2016).The number of online education users in China is 
expected to reach 296 million by 2020, while the online education market is at a stage 
of rapid growth, according to a iiMedia Research study.

2.Overview of the platform

2.1 Summary of the platform

Chinese university MOOC learning platform is a product of the Internet plus the education, which is jointly launched by higher Education 
Press and NetEase, and undertakes the task of national excellent open courses of the Ministry of Education.It was released at May 2014 
firstly.The android version was released at April 2015.The IOS version was released at May 2015.Learners should first register on the 
platform, and then the system will allow you to choose the subjects you are interested in, and then enter the system and begin to choose 
courses. With a complete teaching process, and provide electronic or paper certificates if they meet the curriculum performance 
standards (Wang Qiong, 2013).Because the high quality courses offered by the platform what basically cover all kinds of subjects, 
including history, art, medicine, engineering, science, agriculture, economics, literature, foreign language and postgraduate entrance 
examination etc.At present,a great deal of chinese colleges and universities have already established the campus service of Chinese 
university MOOC, and students can take the courses on the platform, and the credits will be recognized by the school.

2.2 Market positioning

2.2.1 Slogan

It allows every user with a desire to improve to learn and be certified in courses at well-known universities in China. It provides 
public with welfare and universal high quality higher education learning resources, which brings the excellent courses of famous 
Chinese universities to the network and breaks the wall of the university.

2.2.2 Main business

Including three aspects of business:(1)Based on a large number of high-quality university courses, mining potential users, guiding more 
users to complete learning on the platform.(2)Provide enterprise-class services for the school cloud.(3)Grasp the current learning 
requirements and hot spots of college students, build the postgraduate entrance examination training column, rely on the existing 
platform of college students users, carry on the dissemination, provide the postgraduate entrance for the college students examination training

2.3 Platform analysis

2.3.1 User distribution

The gender distribution is more balanced, in which the number of female users is slightly higher than that of male users, but it is not 
obvious.Age distribution,26 to 35-year-old users are the main users of the platform, accounting for 40% of the total number of users. 
Most of the users in this age group are young professionals, which shows that this educational model is very popular among young 
professionals.In addition, 19 to 25-year-old users account for more than 20%, most of them are college students. It can be seen that the 
post-90s are still the main active users. 36-45 years old users also have some, other age groups of users are very small.

2.3.2 Characteristics of the platform

(1)The interactivity of the platform (2)Richness of resources (3)Controllability of process

2.3.3 Learning theory

MOOC is based on connectionism learning theory which through socialized online interaction to learn knowledge.This theory was put 
forward systematically by Simmons the idea of connectionism in his Connectivism: A Learning Theory for the Digital Age.

3.Key elements Analysis

3.1 The environment(Where to learn)

This MOOC platform is a completely open and free learning space, learners are completely responsible for themselves, from the beginning 
of course selection to finish the course learning, the whole process is controlled by learners. Which puts forward higher requirements 
for learners.It can be regarded as one of the online learning environment.We can use computers or other mobile devices to learn some 
courses.We can either open the web page of this platform through the browser in the computer or use the application program in the 
mobile devices to learn, the interface design is very simple and generous, and has high ease of use.We can also download these course 
videos to watch repeatly without the Internet,so we can consolidate knowledge and deepen our understanding.Compared with traditional 
teaching,one of the biggest advantages is that we can watch videos over and over again.It means that the teaching situation can be 
reproduced.This is benificial for us to make continuous knowledge construction in the teaching situation.We can also learn at any time 
and anywhere.In general,the design of this platform is friend and convenient to different learners.Learners can learn how to use 
easily,so its learning environment is comfortable.

3.2 Knowledge、skills、attitude(What to learn)

This platform provides mainly about knowledge learning which based on the excellent courses of many famous universities in 
China.Bloom(1913-1999) divided educational goals into three categories: cognitive, emotional and operational.Learners can learn these 
three abilities by learning the courses on the platform and completing the learning goals.Firstly,learners watch a kind of course 
instrutional videos and complete relevant exercises dependently,they can learn about knowledge.Secondly,Learners can also enhance their 
knowledge by participating in the communication and discussion with others, at the same time, they can learn information skills and 
cultivate a good learning attitude.FInally,one to be able to complete a course of learning until the final certification is also a test 
of individual learning attitude.


3.3 Behavior(Effect of learning)

In the process of watching instructional videos, when we learn to the important knowledge,tnere are some relevant exercises are inserted 
into it. Only after we have finished these exercises can we continue to watch, which is helpful to examine the previous learned content 
for us,at the same time strengthen the memory and application of the learned content in time. After each class learners can communicate 
with others in time and share views, this process can help enhance everyone's understanding, so the Effect of learning also will be 
better.For me, the overall learning effect is pretty good, course learning is not only a whole management process of our own, but also 
we can with more people to exchange learning, get a lot.

3.4 Interaction(How to learn,The manner,The media)

The learning on the platform is completely open and autonomous, the learning resources include mainly the teacher's teaching videos. In 
the process of watching the videos, we also need to do some exercises, after learning a lesson, there are also some corresponding after-
class exercises, after we finish them,the system will automatically correct and timely feedback, so that we can correct the mistakes in 
time, which all belongs to human-computer interaction. In learning, we can share views in the discussion and communication section to 
put forward confusion, learners will build a virtual learning community, teachers usually will also participate in these communication, 
which belongs to interpersonal interaction. They are all carried on through the network.

3.5 Experience(The process,Feelings)

The learning process completely depends on the learners' own learning initiative. After joining a certain course, the course will be 
updated every week just like in school. The learners need to watch videos and complete themselves' homework in time. There will be a 
deadline for the homework. After completion of course learning, there will be a corresponding examination, and the course certification 
will be obtained after your comprehensive achievement have passed. The whole learning process is basically carried out in accordance 
with university education standards, of course, because this is an open and free learning platform, there is no strict time limit, you 
can choose the any time to watch videos and do exercises before the deadline.

3.6 Interact object(From who to learn)

We acquire knowledge mainly by watching the teacher's instrucstional videos. The instrucstional mode is very similar to the traditional 
education,  the difference is that the classroom instruction is moved on the screens. We need to complete the homework assigned by the 
teacher, the system will automatically corrects and remind you what knowledge you have not mastered.participate in the study section of 
the problem discussion and communication, can help learners develop critical thinking, build a knowledge map to internalize knowledge. 
In short, we can learn knowledge from teachers, systems and partners by interaction.

4.Analysis and improvement

To a large extent, the teaching mode of MOOC is still a replica of traditional lectures(jiao jianli,2013).It is still an undoubted fact 
that the high elimination rate of MOOC curriculum and the low social recognition of teaching quality(yang yonglin,2013).Some studies 
have shown that the withdrawal rate of learners in MOOC is high, generally between 85 to 95 percent(hao dan,2013).Many learners may be 
motivated to join the course for a while, it may also be to deal with knowledge anxiety, or it may be purely for learning knowledge or 
any other reasons. For professionals who have worked, the learning rate of the course may be low which due to work problems,time 
conflicts and other reasons, the platform needs to coordinate these problems.

5.conclusion 

For chinese university MOOC, the low completion rate of MOOC learning, the lack of learning sustainability, the lack of participation of 
MOOC learners and the lack of learning investment are current problems what should be solved in the future.With more and more people 
register at this platform, more individualized and abundant courses should be developed for all kinds of learners.All in all,I am 
strongly optimistic about the development of the MOOC platform.Especially as technology increasingly progress,our social productive 
forces will be improved highly,so we will have much more personal time to study.
